[Setting_helper]
path_db = ""
[Helper_export]
path_export = /home/valyak/PycharmProjects/Helper/ViewModel/Szi
[User]
checkBox_branch = False
checkBox_department = False
checkBox_system = False
checkBox_szi = False
checked_branch = ""
checked_department = ""
checked_system = ""
checked_szi = ""
checkB_statusOn = True
checkB_statusOff = True
current_indexPage = ""
defolt_branch = ""
defolt_department = ""
[Usb]
checkBox_branch = False
checkBox_department = False
checked_branch = ""
checked_department = ""
checkB_statusOn = True
checkB_statusOff = True
current_indexPage = ""
defolt_branch = ""
defolt_department = ""
[Equipment]
checkBox_branch = False
checkBox_department = False
checked_branch = ""
checked_department = ""
checkB_statusOn = True
checkB_statusOff = True
current_indexPage = ""
defolt_branch = ""
defolt_department = ""
[Skr]
checkBox_branch = False
checkBox_department = False
checked_branch = ""
checked_department = ""
checkB_statusOn = True
checkB_statusOff = True
current_indexPage = ""
defolt_branch = ""
defolt_department = ""
